update migration guide description of graph/job/op APIs (#5521)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/guides/dagster/graph_job_op.mdx

# Migrating to Ops, Jobs, and Graphs

> Ops, Graphs, and Jobs, are a set of APIs that aim to simplify and give more accessible names to some of Dagster's core concepts. This guide describes how to migrate code that uses Pipelines, Modes, Presets, and Partition Sets to the new APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Solids, Pipelines, Modes, Presets, Partition Sets, and Composite Solids were a set of Dagster core abstractions that preceded Dagster's current core abstractions: Ops, Jobs, and Graphs. This guide describes how to migrate code that uses the old abstractions to code that uses the present abstractions.
```
